update team readme instructions (#173)
uwhackweek/jupyterbook-template: team/README.md

# The team folder

All members of the organizing team should add themselves to the webpage.
This folder contains a file for each person describing themselves.

## Adding a new member
Follow these steps to add yourself:
* Navigate to the 'landing page' repository for your event.
* Navigate into the 'teams' directory.
* Use the provided 'template.yaml' file.
* Create a copy of the 'template.yaml' file and rename the file to your name.

> You can do this through the GitHub interface, your local development environment, or on the command line with

Reviewer: Curious - How does one copy a file within the GitHub UI?

Author: You can't, directly. You'd have to create a new file and copy the content...

Reviewer: Maybe we should simplify this second sentence then. I also don't see much of a difference between `local dev environment` and the `command line`.
Or should we just skip saying you should do this via the GitHub UI and only recommend using a local cloned repo?

> * Create a copy of the 'template.yaml' file and rename the file to your name.
> You can do this through the GitHub interface, your local development environment, or on the command line with

Author: ```suggestion
* Create a copy of the 'template.yaml' file and rename the file to your name.
In the GitHub interface, you can create a new file and copy-paste from the template. Or, you can do this on the command line with
```

> * Create a copy of the 'template.yaml' file and rename the file to your name.
> In the GitHub interface, you can create a new file and copy-paste from the template. Or, you can do this on the command line with

Author: ```suggestion
* Create a copy of the 'template.yaml' file and rename the file to your name.
In the GitHub interface, you can create a new file and copy-paste from the template.
Or, you can do this on the command line with
```

Reviewer: ```Or, in a local repository, you can ...```??

# The team folder

All members of the organizing team should add themselves to the webpage.
This folder contains a file for each person describing themselves.

## Adding a new member
Follow these steps to add yourself:
* Navigate to the 'landing page' repository for your event.
* Navigate into the 'teams' directory.
* Use the provided 'template.yaml' file.
* Create a copy of the 'template.yaml' file and rename the file to your name.
In the GitHub interface, you can create a new file and copy-paste from the template.

> Or, you can do this on the command line with

Author: ```suggestion
Or, in a local copy of the repository you can do this on the command line with
```

> Or, in a local copy of the repository you can do this on the command line with

Author: ```suggestion
Or, in a local repository you can do this on the command line with
```
